event/arguments/docs/todos.md, before:

# List of TODOs 

1. ~~Frame is incorrect:~~
   1. ~~I saw: ```[{'predicate': 'front', 'predicate_idx': 997, 'target_slot': 293, 'answers': [{'span': (172, 234), 'text': 'a low , dark house , pitchblack against a slate-coloured sky .'}]}]```~~
   1. ~~It seems that the system have merged many different frames together~~
1. We are using FrameName:FE_Name format for roles in framenet, but this make the data more sparse:
   1. Distance is a frame element role name in Self_motion, but Self_motion:Distance is never observed
   1. Distance is observed multiple times in other places, so it is reasonable to reuse it.
   1. Concern: some Distance role are different, such as Time_Vector:Distance
1. During training, two verbs may share the same exact span, this could be an
 important source of information, but the standard way of creating cloze task
  is to remove the span, hence the information is lost.
1. Design a set of useful experiments: pooling, attention, distance
1. Baseline, our embedding max method should be at least as strong as the G&C paper 
baseline.
    - ~~Sometimes the system predict "from", this is because the training data 
    contains "IN" as arguments, they should be removed from the generated data.~~
    - ~~Top responses are always the same thing, this may because the same entity
    mention is in multiple arguments' slot, but we should reduce that at 
    evaluation time. The span should be there.~~
    - Multiple results are available in the gold entity, the current result file
     only show the head of the first one, not very informative.
1. Distance features
    - Distance cutoff baseline
    - Fix the distance embedding error, should deal with infinity much better
1. how do we encode the "support" and "surrounding entities"?
    - our training data does not contain these supports anyway
1. Get the slot classifier to work
    - Rule based like Ruppenhofer
    - Classifier like Erk
1. Bad idea to use fixed size slots for frame assemble
    - Using a FE-weighted attention should work well
1. More baselines
    - Using Centering theory baseline
1. Create an embedding for the empty slot
    - One empty slot vocab
    - Different vocab for different predicate
    - Different vocab for different slot
1. Study the influences from context distances
1. The mapping from prep to argN is not one-to-one, how to deal with this?

# Advanced thoughts

1. Removing singleton can help learn INI.
1. Removing entity and its corresponding context can help learning DNI that are 
not resolvable.

# Past TODO List:
1. ~~Reprocess dataset~~
    - ~~Use more lexicon units to enrich the FrameNet output~~
        - ~~Will do if the novel contains unseen frames and stuff~~
    - ~~Add a field for full argument span~~
    - ~~Run this in background~~
        - ~~Now copying data, will process it next~~
    - ~~It is a pity that not all dependencies are added, let's add them back.~~
1. ~~Rehash dataset~~
    - ~~Make the mapping between 1.4 and 1.7~~
    - ~~Mark exact match lexicon as coref~~
1. ~~Remove unknown predicate.~~
    - ~~Use the verb form when reading the data  (Done in generating json)~~
    - ~~Need to regenerate the training data somehow.~~
1. ~~Make sure go over the argument from prepositions.~~
    - ~~check training data (Training data is fine because we use frame parse 
    and dep parse, we haven't use the propbank parse.)~~
    - ~~also check test data~~
1. ~~Use NER type can reduce unknown args~~
    - ~~Convert below threshold args to their ner entity types, else use the original word~~
    - ~~Check why NER tags are not included.~~
1. ~~Include all frames from the training data~~
    - ~~Read all frames~~
    - ~~Take the event frame list and use it in later steps if we want to filter~~
1. The SemEval dataset
    - ~~Parse it~~
    - ~~Do not read "coreference" as frame relations~~
1. ~~The SemEval dataset~~
    - ~~Check how to map frame args to "arg0" form~~
1. ~~Adding all dependencies~~
    - ~~All dependencies are included in training~~
    - ~~Deal with the change of format~~
1. ~~Refactor the vocab class to make it consistent~~
    - ~~Refactor the class itself~~
    - ~~Refactor the use cases~~
1. ~~UNK_Arguments~~
    - ~~Solve the following ner problem~~
    - ~~If the representing entity is unk, use the text itself~~
1. ~~NER is not correct in the test data~~
    - ~~Example Izquierda Unida~~
    - ~~Solution 1: merge mentions of the same head together and propagate ner type~~
    - ~~Solution 2: allow map to covering entity mention in addition to head word~~
        - ~~Izquierda Unida~~
        - ~~183 years~~
        - ~~hyphenated~~
1. ~~Add correct candidates in test~~
    - ~~try put the gold argument in the ranking~~
    - ~~all other arguments~~
    - ~~all named entities~~
1. ~~Gold standard reading problem to fix~~
1. ~~Embedding baseline result too high~~
    - ~~Check after removing unk~~
1. ~~Make sure training reader works properly~~
1. ~~Study w2v baseline carefully~~
1. ~~We are using the detailed dependency labels~~
1. ~~Setup google platform~~
1. ~~Dependency~~
    - ~~Rerun the parser with the old dependency maybe?~~
1. ~~Bug: The same phrase is assigned with different heads and entity id in the
same text, this should be an inconsistent in head finding.~~
    - ~~In: NYT_ENG_20060527.0212, span (2716, 2771) has two mentions: 
    lose or restaurant~~    
1. Richer output in evaluation
    - ~~Add F1~~
    - ~~Add Dice (partial argument overlap)~~
    - ~~Add a score with gold candidates~~
    - ~~Only score candidates with in 2 sentence back and current sentence~~
1. ~~Training missing key.~~
1. ~~Key error when converting the Semeval data~~.
1. ~~Using constituent to find the headword is not reliable, should use dependency~~
    - ~~with having abandoned their socialist principles --> head is with~~
    - ~~the auto cloze data now points to "with", "by", "to", "on", "from"~~
    - ~~"who" can be pointed to the actual content, in fact, in gold, we sometimes 
    can see "who" being used as the i_arg, but we can find its appositive.~~
1. ~~Rename propbank_role to slot_name~~
1. ~~The test case from the GC data seem to have two problems:~~
    1. ~~The dep for testing is too simplified (only prep)~~
    1. ~~Some answers seem to be wrong too.~~

Commit message:

Fix details in embedding training.

event/arguments/docs/todos.md, after:

# List of TODOs 

1. Training speedup?
1. Training data
   1. ~~how to replace with eid and headword?~~
1. Test   
   1. How to map arg0-arg4 correctly to the 3 slots?
1. Building event-arg sentences
   1. ~~When to use NER?~~
   1. ~~Should not use Entity representation in sentences.~~
   1. ~~Which dep, arg or fe to include for FrameNet and Propbank?~~
   1. ~~Which verb to include for Propbank?~~
1. ~~Frame is incorrect:~~
   1. ~~It seems that the system have merged many different frames together~~
1. ~~We are using FrameName:FE_Name format for roles in framenet, but this make the data more sparse:~~
   1. ~~Distance is a frame element role name in Self_motion, but Self_motion:Distance is never observed~~
   1. ~~Distance is observed multiple times in other places, so it is reasonable to reuse it.~~
   1. ~~Concern: some Distance role are different, such as Time_Vector:Distance~~
1. During training, two verbs may share the same exact span, this could be an
 important source of information, but the standard way of creating cloze task
  is to remove the span, hence the information is lost.
1. Design a set of useful experiments: pooling, attention, distance
1. Baseline, our embedding max method should be at least as strong as the G&C paper 
baseline.
    - ~~Sometimes the system predict "from", this is because the training data 
    contains "IN" as arguments, they should be removed from the generated data.~~
    - ~~Top responses are always the same thing, this may because the same entity
    mention is in multiple arguments' slot, but we should reduce that at 
    evaluation time. The span should be there.~~
    - Multiple results are available in the gold entity, the current result file
     only show the head of the first one, not very informative.
1. Distance features
    - Distance cutoff baseline
    - Fix the distance embedding error, should deal with infinity much better
1. how do we encode the "support" and "surrounding entities"?
    - our training data does not contain these supports anyway
1. Get the slot classifier to work
    - Rule based like Ruppenhofer
    - Classifier like Erk
1. Bad idea to use fixed size slots for frame assemble
    - Using a FE-weighted attention should work well
1. More baselines
    - Using Centering theory baseline
1. Create an embedding for the empty slot
    - One empty slot vocab
    - Different vocab for different predicate
    - Different vocab for different slot
1. Study the influences from context distances
1. The mapping from prep to argN is not one-to-one, how to deal with this?

# Advanced thoughts

1. Removing singleton can help learn INI.
1. Removing entity and its corresponding context can help learning DNI that are 
not resolvable.

# Past TODO List:
1. ~~Reprocess dataset~~
    - ~~Use more lexicon units to enrich the FrameNet output~~
        - ~~Will do if the novel contains unseen frames and stuff~~
    - ~~Add a field for full argument span~~
    - ~~Run this in background~~
        - ~~Now copying data, will process it next~~
    - ~~It is a pity that not all dependencies are added, let's add them back.~~
1. ~~Rehash dataset~~
    - ~~Make the mapping between 1.4 and 1.7~~
    - ~~Mark exact match lexicon as coref~~
1. ~~Remove unknown predicate.~~
    - ~~Use the verb form when reading the data  (Done in generating json)~~
    - ~~Need to regenerate the training data somehow.~~
1. ~~Make sure go over the argument from prepositions.~~
    - ~~check training data (Training data is fine because we use frame parse 
    and dep parse, we haven't use the propbank parse.)~~
    - ~~also check test data~~
1. ~~Use NER type can reduce unknown args~~
    - ~~Convert below threshold args to their ner entity types, else use the original word~~
    - ~~Check why NER tags are not included.~~
1. ~~Include all frames from the training data~~
    - ~~Read all frames~~
    - ~~Take the event frame list and use it in later steps if we want to filter~~
1. The SemEval dataset
    - ~~Parse it~~
    - ~~Do not read "coreference" as frame relations~~
1. ~~The SemEval dataset~~
    - ~~Check how to map frame args to "arg0" form~~
1. ~~Adding all dependencies~~
    - ~~All dependencies are included in training~~
    - ~~Deal with the change of format~~
1. ~~Refactor the vocab class to make it consistent~~
    - ~~Refactor the class itself~~
    - ~~Refactor the use cases~~
1. ~~UNK_Arguments~~
    - ~~Solve the following ner problem~~
    - ~~If the representing entity is unk, use the text itself~~
1. ~~NER is not correct in the test data~~
    - ~~Example Izquierda Unida~~
    - ~~Solution 1: merge mentions of the same head together and propagate ner type~~
    - ~~Solution 2: allow map to covering entity mention in addition to head word~~
        - ~~Izquierda Unida~~
        - ~~183 years~~
        - ~~hyphenated~~
1. ~~Add correct candidates in test~~
    - ~~try put the gold argument in the ranking~~
    - ~~all other arguments~~
    - ~~all named entities~~
1. ~~Gold standard reading problem to fix~~
1. ~~Embedding baseline result too high~~
    - ~~Check after removing unk~~
1. ~~Make sure training reader works properly~~
1. ~~Study w2v baseline carefully~~
1. ~~We are using the detailed dependency labels~~
1. ~~Setup google platform~~
1. ~~Dependency~~
    - ~~Rerun the parser with the old dependency maybe?~~
1. ~~Bug: The same phrase is assigned with different heads and entity id in the
same text, this should be an inconsistent in head finding.~~
    - ~~In: NYT_ENG_20060527.0212, span (2716, 2771) has two mentions: 
    lose or restaurant~~    
1. Richer output in evaluation
    - ~~Add F1~~
    - ~~Add Dice (partial argument overlap)~~
    - ~~Add a score with gold candidates~~
    - ~~Only score candidates with in 2 sentence back and current sentence~~
1. ~~Training missing key.~~
1. ~~Key error when converting the Semeval data~~.
1. ~~Using constituent to find the headword is not reliable, should use dependency~~
    - ~~with having abandoned their socialist principles --> head is with~~
    - ~~the auto cloze data now points to "with", "by", "to", "on", "from"~~
    - ~~"who" can be pointed to the actual content, in fact, in gold, we sometimes 
    can see "who" being used as the i_arg, but we can find its appositive.~~
1. ~~Rename propbank_role to slot_name~~
1. ~~The test case from the GC data seem to have two problems:~~
    1. ~~The dep for testing is too simplified (only prep)~~
    1. ~~Some answers seem to be wrong too.~~
